---
layout: app/layouts/post.html
post_title: The one in the elevator
name: s03e01
date: Sep, 20 2013
---
Hello everyone,

We are actually at the JugSummerCamp conference, and this is the time to announce the first episode of the 3rd season of CodeStory

# READY ?

More often than not, when I'm waiting for an elevator, especially in old Parisian building where you can actually see the cabin moving up and down, I try to figure out roughly the algorithm of the elevator moves. 
It looks like basic at first glance, but it's actually not. Does the elevator favors going down ? Does he gather everyone on his way up and then goes down in one go ? Does he know how many people are actually waiting for it ? Does the algorithm change depending on the numbers of people calling him ?

By participating at this first episode of the 3rd season of CodeStory, you'll have a unique chance of figuring that out, the challenge is to find the **best elevator algorithm**.

# GET SET ?

For the next 3 weeks, up until monday 14th october, you'll have to read the rules, gather friends to join teams, train by yourself by writing some elevator algorythm with a sample server. 

## Team or Solo ?
Everyone who enter the challenge is registered as individual, but you can join one, and only one team. Like in real life, the code story team prefer people who work together to achieve better results than alone.
There will be a ranking for teams and a specific one for individual. You can join a team made of colleagues, your local Java User Group, Region or whatever cross your mind.

## Where's the code ?

The rules of the challenge are the one explained in the gorgeous code-elevator project invented and maintained by Sebastian Lemerdy, yes you remember him, he coded live in front of a lots of people during the 1st season of Code Story, we are talking about this Sebastian ! 

He wrote, with some friends, an elevator server available at [github](https://github.com/jeanlaurent/code-elevator).

For the training you have to write the elevator algorithm for a 5 stories building, the elevator can do one of those 5 actions :

* `OPEN`: open the elevator doors
* `CLOSE`: close the elevators doors
* `UP` : the elevator goes up one floor
* `DOWN`: the elevator goes down one floor
* `NOTHING`: The elevator does not move nor operate the doors.

To simplify a bit, we consider that all those actions take the same time.
Which is `OPEN`ing the doors of moving `UP` one floor take the same amount of times.
People can `CALL` the elevator at a specific floor, once the have entered the elevator (don't forget to OPEN the doors first…) they can indicate where they want to `GO` by indicating the floor at which they want to leave the cabin.

Run the server and try to write an efficient algorithm, you'll need maven and a java jdk to run Sebastian's server, but everything is well described in the readme available [here](https://github.com/jeanlaurent/code-elevator) 

# GO !

On monday 14th october , we will publish the challenge on which you'll be ranked, the same rules will be applied, meaning the elevator work in exactly the same way as in Sebastian server. But there will be some changes, but you don't know exactly now how we will contact you. Surprise ! But if you manage to score decent point on Sebastian Elevator, chances are that you are on the right track. 

You'll get another 3 weeks to send us, your code. That we will evaluate and rank between each other.

Every languages can be used, on a jvm or not, readable or not, 

## Ranking !

We will look at it, appreciate it, run it if we can, and rank it, you'll help a bit on that yourself eventually.


We hope you'll have as much fun to do the challenge that we take in preparing and running it.
