---
layout: app/layouts/post.html
post_title: The one that starts in September
name: s03e00
date: Sep, 10 2013
---

In March, the second season of Code-Story came to an end at [Devoxx France](http://www.devoxx.com/display/FR13/Accueil).
During a whole day, a small application was developed, live, in front of the audience. We had a blast and it was
nice to extend the team to welcome [Christophe](/team/christophe) and [Xavier](/team/xavier). Thank you to all the
participants. Some of you have been following us since the very beginning. It's very rewarding.

**What's next?**

Well, this year our vision is to organize a contest a little different that the past two editions.
Let us share our expectations with you:

 + The contest should last **Longer**.

 + It should get **Tougher** as the deadline approaches.

 + The number of participants should be **Higher**.

 + And the contestants should come out the season **Stronger**.

We could have called this season "Longer, Tougher, Higher, Stronger". But we preferred:

**Season 03 - "Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger"**

The third season of Code-Story will be decomposed in episodes. The very first episode will start on September, 20 live
at the [JUG Summer Camp](http://www.jugsummercamp.com/edition/4/presentation/1057). At the last minute of our presentation,
Jean-Laurent and I will publish the first instructions to participate the contest.

Some information might keep you interested:

+ Devoxx will not be the final reward of the contest. In fact this season has nothing to do with Devoxx. We **<3** Devoxx
  but we don't want participants to be afraid of having to code live if they win.

+ We want to accept **any programming language**. Well as long as we are able to compile and test the source code. Being able
  to read the source code is also a bonus. [Whitespace](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whitespace_(programming_language)) anyone?
  The fact that we tend to prefer Java or Coffee should have very little impact on the participants.

+ We'd like to see many more people participate, this is why you'll be able to team up for some episodes. We'd love to
  welcome a **Clojure Team** (replace Clojure with your favourite language), a **Duchess Team**, a **Bépo Team** or any
  team representing its local **User Group**.

+ We are trying very hard to get you interesting challenges, nice facilities, lots of visibility and maybe, who knows,
  nice rewards. Some **Sponsors** might join us on our way to make this come true.

+ The first episode will not ask you to setup any kind of infrastructure like last year's web server. It'll be pure code.
  Because we love **Code**.

+ We want to keep it **Fun** and **Social**!

For those going to JUG Summer Camp, see you there. The rest of you, see you on this blog on September, 20.

David & Jean-Laurent